There are three parts to this code.

# Spectral Sequence Editor
The first part is a spectral sequence editor. It takes as an input a Steenrod
module, and computes the E_2 page using the resolver. One can then add
differentials and mark classes as permanent, which can be propagated via the
Leibniz rule.

This is managed by a rust backend and uses a websocket to communicate to the
web frontend for display. To run this, simply run
```
$ cargo run --release
```
in the directory, and then navigate to `http://localhost:8080/`.

The files are located in `interface/` and `src/`.

# Spectral Sequence Editor (without backend)
This is a variation of the previous version, where the rust backend is compiled
to wasm so that everything runs on the browser. To download some build dependencies, run
```
$ npm run install
```
This only has to be done once. Afterwards, to compile, run
```
$ npm run build
```
and then run
```
$ npm run serve
```
Finally, navigate to `http://localhost:8000`. These instructions are exactly
the same as the wasm interface for the parent `rust_ext/`. See that
documentation for deployment instructions and more details.

The relevant files are `wasm/`, `static/`, `package.json` and
`webpack.config.json`.

# Calculation Display
This displays a completed computation, with notes for each of the actions. This
is generated by one of the two previous parts. Currently, the notes have to be
added by hand in the JSON record.

This uses a fork of https://github.com/usablica/intro.js for the introduction.

The relevant files are in `display/`.
